README.md, before:

# propwash
FPV drone simulator for the web

Everything is still in prototype phase!

* Use WASD as the left stick, mouse as the right stick (need to click into the game window to capture the mouse first)
* Keys 1-4 switch between the different drone control modes with mode 2 as default
* Right click and mouse wheel for camera orbit controls
* If you got stuck, you need to refresh the page 😬

## Demos

[Playground](https://mqnc.github.io/propwash/?map=playground_2b&env=pretoria_gardens_1k)

[Bando](https://mqnc.github.io/propwash/?map=post-apocalyptic_city&env=qwantani_night_1k)

[Cyber Crazy Park](https://mqnc.github.io/propwash/?map=amusement_park&env=qwantani_night_1k)

## Attributions

The assets used in this project are under Creative Commons licenses. They are **not relicensed under MIT** unless explicitly noted.  

| Asset | Authors | License |
|---|---|---|
| [Racing drone (Lite Graphics Version)](https://skfb.ly/6zBPO) | [BlueMesh](https://sketchfab.com/BlueMesh) | CC BY 4.0 |
| [playground 2](https://skfb.ly/pyZnG) | [Pasha](https://sketchfab.com/Pasha-) | CC BY 4.0 |
| [Post-Apocalyptic City](https://skfb.ly/pD6BX) | [golukumar](https://sketchfab.com/mortalityrexotable) | CC BY 4.0 |
| [Amusement park](https://skfb.ly/p7GFu) | [Megame Studio](https://sketchfab.com/megame1) | CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 |
| [Pretoria Gardens](https://polyhaven.com/a/pretoria_gardens) | [Dimitrios Savva](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Dimitrios%20Savva), [Jarod Guest](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Jarod%20Guest) | CC0 |
| [Qwantani Night](https://polyhaven.com/a/qwantani_night) | [Greg Zaal](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Greg%20Zaal), [Jarod Guest](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Jarod%20Guest) | CC0 |

## Todo

* cooler name?
* use common coordinate system for drone
* reset position when turtleing
* actually, anti turtleing
* switch fpv/3rd person camera
* stabilization and tilt limiting
* make everything configurable
* proper drone physics
* sound
* proper graphics (AO, shadows, motion blur)
* tasks (at least checkpoints)

Commit message:

proper loading screen, prop sounds, background music

README.md, after:

# propwash
FPV drone simulator for the web

Everything is still in prototype phase!

* Use WASD as the left stick, mouse as the right stick (need to click into the game window to capture the mouse first)
* Keys 1-4 switch between the different drone control modes with mode 2 as default
* Right click and mouse wheel for camera orbit controls
* If you got stuck, you need to refresh the page 😬

## Demos

[Playground](https://mqnc.github.io/propwash/?map=playground_2b&env=pretoria_gardens_1k)

[Bando](https://mqnc.github.io/propwash/?map=post-apocalyptic_city&env=qwantani_night_1k)

[Cyber Crazy Park](https://mqnc.github.io/propwash/?map=amusement_park&env=qwantani_night_1k)

## Attributions

The assets used in this project are under Creative Commons licenses. They are **not relicensed under MIT** unless explicitly noted.  

| Asset | Authors | License |
|---|---|---|
| [Racing drone (Lite Graphics Version)](https://skfb.ly/6zBPO) | [BlueMesh](https://sketchfab.com/BlueMesh) | CC BY 4.0 |
| [prop sounds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnYv1KqfEuQ) | [Shane's DIY YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@shanesdiy) | permission from the author |
| [playground 2](https://skfb.ly/pyZnG) | [Pasha](https://sketchfab.com/Pasha-) | CC BY 4.0 |
| [Post-Apocalyptic City](https://skfb.ly/pD6BX) | [golukumar](https://sketchfab.com/mortalityrexotable) | CC BY 4.0 |
| [Amusement park](https://skfb.ly/p7GFu) | [Megame Studio](https://sketchfab.com/megame1) | CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 |
| [Pretoria Gardens](https://polyhaven.com/a/pretoria_gardens) | [Dimitrios Savva](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Dimitrios%20Savva), [Jarod Guest](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Jarod%20Guest) | CC0 |
| [Qwantani Night](https://polyhaven.com/a/qwantani_night) | [Greg Zaal](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Greg%20Zaal), [Jarod Guest](https://polyhaven.com/all?a=Jarod%20Guest) | CC0 |
| [Magenta Metropolis](https://www.free-stock-music.com/fsm-team-escp-magenta-metropolis.html) | [by \| e s c p \|](https://www.escp.space) | CC BY 4.0 |

## Todo

* cooler name?
* use common coordinate system for drone
* reset position when turtleing
* actually, anti turtleing
* switch fpv/3rd person camera
* stabilization and tilt limiting
* make everything configurable
* proper drone physics
* sound
* proper graphics (AO, shadows, motion blur)
* tasks (at least checkpoints)
